ref/ci: `--unshallow` (#222)
iterative/cml.dev: content/docs/ref/ci.md

```

Prepares Git repository for CML operations (setting Git `user.name` &

> `user.email`, fetch all branch tips, undo CI oddities such as origin URL
> formatting and HTTP remote proxies, and optionally unshallow clone).

Reviewer: > _(setting Git `user.name` &_ [...]
```suggestion
`user.email`; fetching all branch tips; undoing CI oddities such as origin URL
formatting and HTTP remote proxies; and, optionally, unshallowing clone).
```

Reviewer: Use `\wing` everywhere for consistency with the first line? Also changed some punctuation to separate better the actions.
